README.md, before:

# System-Administrator-Use-Cases

The repository is designed as rapid guide on Red Hat Enterprise Linux system administrator use cases for versions beyond 8.0 release. Any administrator or new team member with a foundational understanding of the Linux command line will learn key tasks to administer a single Red Hat Enterprise Linux System.

## Access Systems (Remote)

Configure a user account to use key-based authentication to log in to remote systems securely without a password.
    • SSH Key-based Authentication
        • SSH Keys Generation
        • Share the Public Key
        • Non-interactive Authentication with the Key Manager
        • Basic SSH Connection Troubleshooting
        • SSH Client Configuration
    

## Manage Files from the Command Line

Linux File System Hierarchy Concepts.
    • Manage Links Between Files
        • Create Hard Links
            - Limitations on Hard Links
        • Create symbolic Links

Match File Names with Shell Expansions.
    • Command-line Expansions
        • Pathname Expansion and Pattern Matching
            - Basic Expansion
            - Title Expansion
            - Variable Expansion
            - Command Substitution
    • Protecting Arguments from Expansion


## Manage Local Users and Groups


## Control Access to Files


## Manage SELinux Security


## Tune System Performance


## Schedule Future Tasks


## Install and Update Software Packages


## Manage Basic Storage


## Manage Storage Stack


## Control Services and Boot Process


## Analyze and Store Logs


## Manage Networking


## Manage Network Security


## Run Containers

Commit message:

Updating Section on user/group management

README.md, after:

# System-Administrator-Use-Cases

The repository is designed as rapid guide on Red Hat Enterprise Linux system administrator use cases for versions beyond 8.0 release. Any administrator or new team member with a foundational understanding of the Linux command line will learn key tasks to administer a single Red Hat Enterprise Linux System.

## Access Systems (Remote)

Configure a user account to use key-based authentication to log in to remote systems securely without a password.
    • SSH Key-based Authentication
        • SSH Keys Generation
        • Share the Public Key
        • Non-interactive Authentication with the Key Manager
        • Basic SSH Connection Troubleshooting
        • SSH Client Configuration
    

## Manage Files from the Command Line

Linux File System Hierarchy Concepts.
    • Manage Links Between Files
        • Create Hard Links
            - Limitations on Hard Links
        • Create symbolic Links

Match File Names with Shell Expansions.
    • Command-line Expansions
        • Pathname Expansion and Pattern Matching
            - Basic Expansion
            - Title Expansion
            - Variable Expansion
            - Command Substitution
    • Protecting Arguments from Expansion


## Manage Local Users and Groups

What is a User?/What is a Group? 
Primary Groups and Supplementary Groups
Run Commands with Sudo
    • Get an Interactive Root Shell with Sudo
    • Configure Sudo
    • Gain Superuser Access
    • Switch User Account
Manage Local User Accounts
    • Create Users from the Commmand Line
    • Modify Existing Users from the Command Line
    • Delete Users from the Command Line
    • Set Passwords from the Command Line
        - UID Ranges
Manage Local Group Accounts
    • Create Groups from the Command Line
    • Modify Existing Groups from the Command Line
    • Delete Groups from the Command Line
    • Change Group Membership from the Command Line
    • Compare Primary and Supplementary Group Membership
        - Temporarily Change your Primary Group
Manage User Passwords/Shadow Passwords and Password Policy/Format on if an Encrypted Password
    • Configure Password Aging
    • Restrict Access/The nologin Shell
        

## Control Access to Files


## Manage SELinux Security


## Tune System Performance


## Schedule Future Tasks


## Install and Update Software Packages


## Manage Basic Storage


## Manage Storage Stack


## Control Services and Boot Process


## Analyze and Store Logs


## Manage Networking


## Manage Network Security


## Run Containers
